Crazy Rainbow Viper

medium

# Chainlink aggregators return the incorrect price if it drops below `minAnswer`
## Summary

Chainlink oracle may return incorrect price data if the aggregator bound is reached.

## Vulnerability Detail

Chainlink aggregators have a built in circuit breaker if the price of an asset
goes outside of a predetermined price band. The result is that if an asset
experiences a huge drop in value (i.e. LUNA crash) the price of the oracle will
continue to return the `minAnswer` instead of the actual price of the asset. See
[Chainlink's docs](https://docs.chain.link/data-feeds#check-the-latest-answer-against-reasonable-limits)
for more info.

Chainlink's `latestRoundData` pulls the associated aggregator and requests round
data from it. ChainlinkAggregators have `minAnswer` and `maxAnswer` circuit
breakers built into them. This means that if the price of the asset drops below
the `minAnswer`, the protocol will continue to value the token at `minAnswer`
instead of it's actual value. This will allow users to exploit certain parts of
the protocol.

This discrepency could cause major issues within the protocol and potentially
lead to loss of funds. This is exactly what happened to 
[Venus on BSC when LUNA imploded](https://rekt.news/venus-blizz-rekt/).

## Impact

Valuing assets incorrectly can lead to unexpected behaviour such as undercollateralization or unfair liquidations.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
File: root\contracts\attribute\Kept.sol

59:     /// @notice Returns the price of ETH in terms of the keeper token
60:     /// @return The price of ETH in terms of the keeper token
61:     function _etherPrice() private view returns (UFixed18) {
62:         (, int256 answer, , ,) = ethTokenOracleFeed().latestRoundData();
63:         return UFixed18Lib.from(Fixed18Lib.ratio(answer, 1e8)); // chainlink eth-usd feed uses 8 decimals
64:     }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-perennial/blob/main/root/contracts/attribute/Kept.sol#L62

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Check the `answer` output from `latestRoundData` to ensure it is within the bounds of the aggregator.