Wonderful Silver Loris

medium

# PythOracle `_recordPrice()` function incorrectly treats `expo` (exponent) from `PythStructs.Price` which can lead to protocol malfunction and loss of funds after oracle switch
## Summary

When pyth price is recorded in PythOracle, it converts price provided by pyth to Fixed6 format. However, it treats `expo` incorrectly: multiplying price by 10 power absolute value of `expo`:
```solidity
        _prices[oracleVersion] = Fixed6Lib.from(price.price)
            .mul(Fixed6Lib.from(SafeCast.toInt256(10 ** SafeCast.toUint256(price.expo > 0 ? price.expo : -price.expo))));
```
For negative `expo`, price will be incorrect. Moreover, if oracle price is changed to a different number of digits, resulting final price will unexpectedly increase or decrease orders of magnitude from pre-switch price, creating huge unexpected funds loss for many users of the protocol.

## Vulnerability Detail

Pyth stores its price in a structure with price itself (int64) and price exponent (int32). Exponent can be both positive and negative. For example, price 123.4567 will be stored as:
- `price` = 1234567
- `expo` = -4
The converted price should be calculated as `1234567 * 10^-4 = 123.4567`
Large prices can be stored with positive exponent, for example price 12345670000 can be stored as
- `price` = 1234567
- `expo` = 4

However, in both cases PythOracle will convert the price to `Fixed6(1234567) * Fixed6(10^4) = Fixed6(12345670000)`

This can lead to a serious problem if, for example, pyth price feed is switched for the same market from 4 decimals precision to 5:
1. Pyth feed 1: 123.4567 price is represented as (`price`: 1234567, `expo`: -4), converted by PythOracle to `Fixed6(12345670000)`
2. Pyth feed 2: 123.4567 price is represented as (`price`: 12345670, `expo`: -5), converted by PythOracle to `Fixed6(123456700000)` (10 times the price of feed1)

Since most Pyth price feeds use negative `expo`, this is quite feasible scenario: if some token price falls significantly, it might need better precision and thus the oracle price feed will be switched to a price with a higher precision, which will make the price unexpectedly grow by orders of magnitude, leading to a chaos and loss of funds for many protocol users due to sudden price jump.

## Impact

Incorrect oracle price for negative `expo` pyth price feeds which can lead to chaos and loss of funds if price feed is switched to a different-precision feed for the same price.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/pyth/PythOracle.sol#L202-L203

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Check the sign of `expo` in pyth price and divide by `10**-expo` if it's negative. However, since price is Fixed6 (just 6 decimals), this might lose precision for very small prices (if `expo` is less than -6), maybe consider switching to Fixed18 or handle it in some other way.