Late Coral Seahorse

high

# Unrestricted Access to the Update Operator Function
The updateOperator function in the provided Solidity code does not have an onlyOwner modifier, which means any account can call this function and update the operator status. This could potentially lead to unauthorized changes or misuse of the function.
## Vulnerability Detail
In Solidity, the onlyOwner modifier is often used to restrict access to certain functions within a contract, allowing only the contract's owner to call these functions [ethereum.stackexchange.com](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/questions/88287/how-to-implement-owner-check-in-solidity). In the provided code, the updateOperator function lacks this modifier, thus any account can call this function and change the operator status.
## Impact
The absence of an onlyOwner modifier on the updateOperator function could have significant implications. Unauthorized accounts could potentially gain control over certain contract functions, which could lead to unexpected or malicious behavior within the contract. This poses a security risk and could undermine the integrity of the contract's operations.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial-vault/contracts/VaultFactory.sol#L48-L51
## Tool used
Manual Audit

## Recommendation
o mitigate this vulnerability, it is recommended to add an onlyOwner modifier to the updateOperator function. This will ensure that only the owner of the contract can update the operator status. Here's how you can do it:
```solidity
function updateOperator(address operator, bool newEnabled) external onlyOwner {
    operators[msg.sender][operator] = newEnabled;
    emit OperatorUpdated(msg.sender, operator, newEnabled);
}
```
In this updated version of the function, the onlyOwner modifier restricts the function access to the owner of the contract