Wonderful Silver Loris

high

# No slippage protection when opening or closing positions
## Summary

User can request to open or close position, however the request is only executed later with the price which is unknown at the request time. In case there is a large price swing between the request and fulfillment time, the user request will execute no matter what, there is no option for the user to specify the min (max) price he is willing to accept.

## Vulnerability Detail

Consider the following scenario:
1. Current ETH price = $1000. User requests to open 1 ETH long position with a view to have it opened at the price close to $1000.
2. There is a suddent spike of price to $1050 and then back to $1000. The user is unfortunate for the keeper to commit the price of $1050 to fulfill the user's request.
3. User will have 1 ETH long position opened at the price of $1050 while he expected the price to be close to $1000.
4. User is now in a loss of $50 at the current price of $1000.

There is no way for the user to prevent this scenario even if he's aware it's possible and wants to limit the execution price.

## Impact

User can not protect his requests from being executed at unwanted price levels, thus potentially losing funds.

## Code Snippet

`Market.update()` function only allows to specify new position sizes, delta collateral and protection status. No way to specify price limits to fail or execute the order:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial/contracts/Market.sol#L76-L83

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add min and max price levels user is willing to accept his request. If the price at the order settlement time is outside the price level user is willing to accept, invalidate the order.