Expert Lava Chinchilla

high

# Vault doesn't round shares up on withdraw

In `Vault.sol` the code allows users to convert assets to shares and vice versa via the `update` function. Issue is that the conversion functions could allow malicious users to withdraw assets from the vault for free.

## Vulnerability Detail

The issue arises from the use of the `mulDiv` function in the `_socialize` function of the `Vault.sol` contract. This function rounds down the result of the computation, meaning that if the result is less than 1, it will be rounded down to zero. This can lead to a situation where a user can withdraw assets from the vault without burning any shares.

Assume that the vault with the following state:

- Total Asset = 1000 USDC
- Total Supply = 10 shares

Assume that Alice wants to withdraw 99 USDC from the vault. Thus, she calls the Vault.update(… claimAssets: 99USDC)

The `Vault._socialize` function will compute the number of shares that Alice needs to burn in exchange for 99 USDC.

```solidity
assets.mulDiv(Down)(supply, totalAssets())
99USDC.mulDiv(Down)(10 shares, 1000USDC)
(99 * 10) / 1000
990 / 1000 = 0.99 = 0

```

Since Solidity rounds `0.99` down to `0`, Alice does not need to burn a single share. She will receive 99 USDC for free. 

## Impact

User can withdraw assets from the vault without burning any shares

## Code Snippet

```solidity
function _socialize(
    Context memory context,
    UFixed6 depositAssets,
    UFixed6 redeemShares,
    UFixed6 claimAssets
) private view returns (UFixed6 claimAmount) {
...
    claimAmount = claimAssets.muldiv(totalCollateral.min(context.global.assets), context.global.assets);
...
}
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial-vault/contracts/Vault.sol/#L116

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use `muldivUp` in `_socialize` and `convertToShares` function and in other mint/withdraw functions.

Rounding up in mint/withdraw is also recommended for the [ERC4626](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4626)
[veYFI example](https://github.com/yearn/veYFI/blob/master/contracts/interfaces/IERC4626.sol#L263)