Happy Mocha Worm

high

# Attacker can deposit many times to the Vault to earn keeper rewards from the Vault.
## Summary

## Vulnerability Detail

Each time a user deposits or withdraws, it will incur a keeper fee (`settlementFee`), but the fee will be shared equally among all participants, regardless of the number of orders the user has created.

`Checkpoint#_withoutKeeperLocal()` will calculate and apply the `keeperPer` to the user's amount. However, one account will only be charged for `1/checkpoint.count` of the entire `keeper` of that checkpoint, while the user may have created multiple orders.

For example, if Alice created 9 orders and Bob created 1 order, the `checkpoint.count` would be 10, but both Alice and Bob will only pay for 1/10 of the entire `keeper` in this checkpoint. The remaining 8/10 will be borne by the entire vault.

An attacker can exploit this by creating a lot of orders and acting as the keeper to harvest the keeperFee paid mostly by the other vault users.

## Impact

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial-vault/contracts/types/Checkpoint.sol#L181-L188

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial-oracle/contracts/pyth/PythOracle.sol#L124-L128

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-perennial/blob/main/root/contracts/attribute/Kept.sol#L40-L57

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Either charge for the share of the keeper fee from the local account based on the number of orders they've created, or make sure only 1 unit of settlement fee is needed for the entire vault, and it can then be evenly distributed among the users per.