Fresh Aegean Sparrow

medium

# Malicious user can use liquidation to bypass most of the global invariant checks
## Summary
There are some checks within the \_invariant function that prevents users from performing some actions that could impact fees and negatively affect other users.
A User can liquidate his position to bypass some of the checks, and in case the user is a whale, this could be disastrous.

## Vulnerability Detail
This check:

```solidity
    if (
        newOrder.liquidityCheckApplicable(context.marketParameter) &&
        newOrder.efficiency.lt(Fixed6Lib.ZERO) &&
        context.currentPosition.global.efficiency().lt(context.riskParameter.efficiencyLimit)
    ) revert MarketEfficiencyUnderLimitError();
```

prevents user from further decreasing efficiency(by reducing maker position or increasing taker position) when the efficiencyLimit is reached.
By maxleveraging=>liquidating his massive position, a whale can easily bypass this check, and cause efficiency of the market to reduce drastically.

This check:

```solidity
    if (
        newOrder.liquidityCheckApplicable(context.marketParameter) &&
        context.currentPosition.global.socialized() &&
        newOrder.decreasesLiquidity()
    ) revert MarketInsufficientLiquidityError();
```

prevents user from decreasing maker position when there is not enough liquidity.
Anyone can also bypass this check by liquidating his account, and if user is a whale, this would be disastrous.

## Impact

Performing this attack can incur high fees on other users, and those that are not actively monitoring their positions will be greatly impacted.
Malicious whale user can also reopen lower maker positions to benefit from the high fees.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-perennial/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial/contracts/Market.sol#L524-L534

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Protocol should receive a share of liquidationFees to disincentivize users that may want to deliberately perform this attack through self-liquidation.

